IA Rollout Phase 4 (#17485)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/egress-perimeter-controls.md

This page describes how Egress Perimeter Controls can enhance the security of {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters, and gives an overview of how to manage a cluster's egress rules.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Egress Perimeter Controls are not supported for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure ([limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)). Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Egress Perimeter Controls are not supported for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure ([limited access](/docs/{{ site.current_cloud_version }}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)). Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).
```

I know you didn't cause this nit, but we should be using `{{ site.current_cloud_version }}` for all links, because there's usually a week (or longer) gap where stable and the current Dedicated version are different.

Author: Done

> Egress Perimeter Controls are not supported for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure ([limited access](../{ site.current_cloud_version }}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)). Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).

Reviewer: You forgot an opening curly brace here and there's an extra closing curly brace.
